add goodpractice transfer to news (#787)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2024-06-21-news-june-2024/index.Rmd

## rOpenSci HQ

> ### rOpenSci takes over maintenance of the 'goodpractice' package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### rOpenSci takes over maintenance of the {goodpractice} package
```

> The 'goodpractice' package was started by Gabor Csardi in 2016 to auto-magically provide advice on good practices for your own R package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {goodpractice} package was started by Gábor Csárdi in 2016 to auto-magically provide advice on good practices for your own R package.
```

> [rOpenSci's *Dev Guide*](https://devguide.ropensci.org) has recommended using it from [the first day Maëlle Salmon started writing it in 2018](https://github.com/ropensci/dev_guide/commits/main/?since=2018-03-26&until=2018-03-26).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rOpenSci's *Dev Guide*](https://devguide.ropensci.org) has recommended using it from [the first day we started writing it in 2018](https://github.com/ropensci/dev_guide/commits/main/?since=2018-03-26&until=2018-03-26).
```

> The package is now a central part of our own internal ['pkgcheck' system](https://https://docs.ropensci.org/pkgcheck/), which is run automatically on all new submissions, and we recommend that all authors use [our 'pkgcheck-action' GitHub action](https://github.com/ropensci-review-tools/pkgcheck-action), which also runs 'goodpractice'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package is now a central part of our own internal [{pkgcheck} system](https://https://docs.ropensci.org/pkgcheck/), which is run automatically on all new submissions, and we recommend that all authors use [our 'pkgcheck-action' GitHub action](https://github.com/ropensci-review-tools/pkgcheck-action), which also runs {goodpractice}.
```

> We are pleased to announce that rOpenSci has now taken over maintenance of the 'goodpractice' package, thanks to the approval both of the original author Gabor, and the previous maintainers at ascent.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are pleased to announce that rOpenSci has now taken over maintenance of the {goodpractice} package, thanks to the approval both of the original author Gábor, and the previous maintainers at ascent.io.
```
